
Event 1

The British and Furry Coalition contracts -22 communications to perform
espionage on HgnIRA and Horny God's Domain, due to their relative lack of
influence out of UA.

Event 2

-22 is unable to spy on Horny God's domain because of their inherent 
opposition as, deteriorate and ameliorate. This led to -22 to begin scanning
cross dimensional signals, to find a ground in which they could commence
espionage operations.

Event 3

The scans eventually bore results, discovering signals
coming from another dimension. This led to -22 beginning the creation of
a mount point in order to enter IGS.

Event 4

After the mount point is established by -22, they begin using the newly
discovered IGS as a proxy to send sleeper agents in Horny God's Domain.
With al of -22 being linked via their mind, sleeper agents within 
Horny God's Domain had a specific thought which activated them. 
This thought accidentally occurred  within -22, causing the agents to spring
into action at an unintended time, which blew the cover of the agents.

Side detail: Mount Points are simply portals, but -22 established actual
espionage bases within IGS itself

Event 5

Via news from Horny God's Domain, the different forces of IGS became
aware of the presences of -22 within IGS. The reactions from the different
factions varied. Those of the Azulirians were mostly indifferent
because of the distance between them and the bases of -22.
The Stadthalder himself was fairly indifferent because of the relatively
low impact of the situation.

Event 6

The -22 eventually learns of the discovery of their spies and the
presence of other groups besides Horny God’s Domain.This causes -22 and
their coalition partners the Furry and British Coalition to build up arms 
and resources, eventually turning -22 espionage bases into full blown 
military installations. At the same time, scientists brought in by -22 
begin to discover previously unknown properties of the polygon crystals 
found in IGS, which will prove to be a great resource to them later down 
the line.

Event 7

The growth of the joint -22-F&BC bases in IGS posed a large threat
to Horny God's Domain, and reached a boiling point when -22 brought in a
dreadnought to help protect their military interests. This led to
Horny God's Domain to attempt a sneak attack on -22 coalition forces.
The battle was won by -22, but they only barely managed to keep
HG forces out of the primary bounds of their installations. This led -22
formally declaring war on Horny God's Domain.

Event 8

After declaring war, -22 decided to counterattack against Horny God's Domain,
sending a fleet to attempt this. Another battle occurred that ended in a tie,
however it occurred within open IGS space, somewhat closer to the others
within IGS.

Event 9

After the battle, the Stadthalder became concerned with a potential for
escalation between these two factions in IGS, especially with one being
completely alien to them. He requested counsel with -22, which was 
accepted. He demanded the retreat of -22, which they refused due
to them still trying to achieve their objectives against HGD, and also
because of their recent discoveries with the polygon crystals.

Event 10

After the failed counsel, the Stadthalder realized he had 2 choices;
A. Don't do anything, and the conflict escalates, or B. He enters
the conflict to attempt to force -22, the F&BC, and the HgnIRA out.
With this, he chooses the latter. He takes his Anonymous form and
begins to strike deals with the Azulirian FerraCorp, plotting
to form a third front. Meanwhile, regular fighting
begins in the conflict, albeit the fighting is relegated to
smaller skirmishes.

Event 11

After the deal between FerraCorp and the Stadthalder, they begin sending
forces to build military installations in the general area where the fighting
is happening. -22 discovers these installations via a skirmishing fleet
sent to attack Horny God's Domain, causing them to realize the
amount of civilization which exists within IGS. This leads to
-22 and the F&BC to ramp up the amount of resources and forces
within the IGS installations. Meanwhile, the FerraCorp bases
are eventually complete after fending off smaller skirmishes
by both HGD and -22.

Event 12

With the proliferation of resources and soldiers within the 
belligerent factions, larger battles began to occur between
the three sides. As the conflict escalates, FerraCorp
begins to communicate that they can't spare much more
forces because of them being involved with other conflicts
all over IGS. This was met with a vague promise by the
Stadthalder that they will have reinforcement. During 
this, he probes UA through the mount points established by -22.
In UA, he begins to spread a mass psychogenic illness within
the Netherlands and the Belgian region of Flanders. The people
affected with the illness began espousing rhetoric that the
"Lowlanders should seek a new trek to a great outer land!"
This causes many to rally and begin forming makeshift
camps of these people, who are ultimately plotting to
reach these new new lands.

Event 13

After a few days of this coalition of MPI affected Netherlanders,
giant marches began to occur, with these groups going to ports
and stealing consumer grade boats en mass, ranging from 
cheap dingies to large yachts. In the Dutch military,
various units become affected by the illness. The collective
mass of now quarantined soldiers simultaneously start
prison riots, allowing them to escape and steal military equipment.
The Dutch civilian and the nicknamed "Psycho-Brigade" then begin sailing to 
the UK. After they land in the UK, the news spreads
to South Africa, causing the MPI to begin affecting
the oppressed Cape Dutch and Afrikaans speaking
Coloureds. The phrase "Lowlanders shall seek a new trek"
became repeated in the Cape, and the event in the Netherlands
began to also occur in South Africa. 

Context

On U.A Earth, after the acquisition of the Cape Colony by the U.K, policies 
began to be put in place that oppressed the previous Dutch speaking 
settlers. As these policies continued, the Cape Dutch began a process of 
migrating out of the Cape into the interior of South Africa. But, the U.K 
put a quick end to this, preventing a theoretical "Great Trek". As the years
went on, the U.K continued harsh policies, eventually establishing 
segregated neighborhoods that separated the Cape Dutch from the English. 
Eventually this led to the total political exclusion of the Cape Dutch and
social stratification based on culture and skin color. After World War 2,
South Africa began to establish "homelands" for the native groups that were 
in theory independent states and autonomous reservations, but in practice a 
way for the South African government to continue oppressive policies with 
the goal of changing South African demography to be "British". These 
policies included smaller "free republics" for the Cape Dutch. 
These policies never had an end to them,  and eventually lead to failed 
revolts by the oppressed groups. This continued through the 20th and 21st 
century, culminating in the collective hatred of the British minority ruled 
South African government by the oppressed Cape Dutch, Coloured, 
and native African groups.

Event 14 

With the second sudden wave of MPI
reaching South Africa, the Cape government is unable to 
properly respond, given the small amount of time in which this 
occurred. The same mass boatjacking occurs in South Africa, 
and larger amounts of Cape Dutch and Coloured soldiers 
start similar prison riots, forming their own Psycho Brigade.
With the distance between South Africa and the UK being much larger,
the journey which was began by the MPI affected Cape Dutch
was much more than just a short ride, thus it became known as
"De Seetrek" (Sea-trek). Meanwhile in the U.K, different groups
of the Psycho-Brigade and hysterical Netherlanders
are able to successfully siege and capture
under prepared British bases. With captured bases comes
captured equipment, and a few ships begin to teleport
to the courses set by said trips, to IGS. Other 
captured vessels begin meeting in the middle with 
the Seetrekkers, loading people up and bringing them to
IGS. 

Event 15 

Following the chaos in UA Earth, Horny God begins to see the
potential of an alliance between the Stadthalder, considering
that they have somewhat similar interests in having the F&BC
ousted. But, because of him having other matters besides the 
occurrences in IGS, he didn't quite remember which entigon was
which. This, as well as the Stadthalder misunderstanding 
the purpose of Horny God's Great Harem led to Stadthalder
thinking that Horny God was inviting him to a harem.
which caused the Stadthalder to shut off communications
with Horny God. 

Event 16

With the combined mass sabotages by Dutch speakers on Earth
caused -22 to become wary, although they still valued the new
resources found in IGS. They began the process of switching 
their military assets to F&BC who still desired to 
continue fighting in IGS. Slowly, -22 soldiers began
to leave and the bases became fully inhabited by F&BC soldiers.
-22 did still maintain a presence in IGS, although this 
presence became only relegated to semi corporate resource
extraction operations.

Event 17

A little while after Stadthalder promised more forces to
the FerraCorp, the Dutch started arrive at FerraCorp
military installations in the combat area. After they arrived,
the FerraCorp began focusing more on defending their current 
positions, as FerraCorp needed time to outfit the new Dutch
arrivals. They also built refineries alongside their bases,
so that they could create new equipment on the spot. Soon 
enough, they were able to outfit the soldiers. The amount
of Dutch arrivals eventually lead to the need for new bases, 
purely for the Dutch themselves. Meanwhile in UA Earth, 
things finally started to calm down as the U.K, Dutch, 
and Belgian governments regained hold over the MPI situation.

Event 18

After the arrival of the Dutch in IGS, other factions began to
take more of an interest in the situation. More specifically, the
corporation NINTARGA (NTG) began to notice the ongoing front. Their
motivation for doing this is mostly for entertainment and to stop
the exploitation of IGS resources by F&BC. Their motivations don't 
entirely line up with the other factions fighting F&BC and Horny 
God's Domain, so their disposition towards them remained
relatively neutral. Soon after NTG took notice, the corporation built a 
forward operations base that floated towards the combat area. 
Soon after, they started military operations against the two main 
factions (HgnIRA and F&BC); primarily focusing on capturing their
military installations. However, they did have a target that they
prioritized over the other, that being the Furry and British Coalition.
The reason why are that F&BC are totally foreign, unlike HGD, they are
British, and are also furries.

Culmination: These lore blocks establish the beginning of a new front of 
the Troubles 2.0 in IGS. It establishes the factions that partake in it, 
their motivations, and other similar things. It also generally 
establishes new groups within IGS, such as the Dutch, -22, F&BC, etc.
This is only the beginning of the conflict, and more will eventually come.
